Overhaul README (#58)
inveniosoftware/docker-invenio: README.md

# Invenio docker images

[![Build Status](https://github.com/inveniosoftware/docker-invenio/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/inveniosoftware/docker-invenio/actions)

This image serves as base image, usable in production environments like Kubernetes or OpenShift, for:
* [InvenioRDM](https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-app-rdm)
* [InvenioILS](https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-app-ils)
* [Invenio](https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio)

> Previous images, still available in this repository for reference only, were based on `CentOS`: after the [shift from CentOS to CentOS Stream](https://blog.centos.org/2020/12/future-is-centos-stream/), the main image is now based on [AlmaLinux](https://almalinux.org/), an open-source alternative to commercial Red Hat Enterprise Edition.

Author: ```suggestion
Previous images, still available in this repository for reference only, were based on `CentOS`: after the [shift from CentOS to CentOS Stream](https://blog.centos.org/2020/12/future-is-centos-stream/), the main image is now based on [AlmaLinux](https://almalinux.org/), an alternative free downstream rebuild of RHEL.
```
